We could spend hours and hours going through all the components here but I think that's not really the
idea behind a course like this one.
I don't want to read the docs to you,
I want to use as many components as possibly fit into the app we're building without the app then becoming
an unrealistic joke or anything like that.
So we covered a lot of components and I mentioned a couple of times that the official docs are the way
to go to learn all about both the components we covered and their many configuration options as
well as components we haven't had a look yet because Ionic has so many components.
But the idea is not to learn them by heart but really when you're building an app,
think about what you want to add,
do you need a button?
Do you need a menu?
Do you
need a modal?
And then have a look at the docs and see which components could help you and how you use them.
With that I'm quite happy with the current state of our application here, of the app we have here.
I'd say it's missing some styling and we can certainly change the default styling to not use the default
blue and therefore in the next module, we will have a look at how we style our Ionic apps, how we
can write our own CSS code, how we can overwrite Ionic defaults, how we can work with themes to set a general
color for the app. So that will be what we'll dive in next to make sure that our application
takes more and more shape before we of course will also add more logic to it.